kimchi jjigae kimchi stew definitely a
comfort food of making this a lot lately
and you just need kimchi and few
ingredients and you could easily make
this at home of course you need kimchi I
have two cups roughly chopped with the
kimchi liquid five ounces of beef you
add pork or spam is good if you're
vegetarian don't add it you can add
mushrooms I like to add mushrooms
sometimes you'll need firm tofu two
stalks of green onion 1 TSP of sugar and
half a tablespoon of hot red pepper
flakes some gochujang and some sesame
seed oil and water so in a pot you're
going to add your kimchi with your
kimchi juice your beef sugar and your
hot pepper flakes green onion and a 1
big tablespoon of gochujang or if you
like it a little bit more spicy up to
like I'm doing then you're going to add
water you're going to add enough water
to submerge all the ingredients mix it a
bit so the sugar gets dissolved and see
if you still need a little bit more
water I'm just going to add a little bit
more to make sure everything is covered
and then stir it again make sure that
the sugar and pepper flakes are nicely
mixed in and then you're going to bring
it up to a boil so once it's at a boil
lower it to medium medium-low cover it
leaving it a little bit open for around
30 minutes and you'll see that it's
already reduced the liquid is reduced so
then add your tofu add about half a
package of tofu and add a little bit of
sesame seed oil and then mix that in and
then get some of that kimchi liquid and
pour it over the tofu so that the tofu
has the flavor of the kimchi jjigae and
then top it off with some green onion
and cover it again for around 10 minutes
and then your kimchi jjigae is done
grab a bowl of rice and dig in
[Music]
I know you guys want some so let me try
to get a bit of everything some meat
tofu kimchi some of that kimchi broth
and say ah super easy to make and hope
you guys try it out and I'll see you
guys next time bye
yes Oh No
Oh